Overview In this challenge you will spend three to four hours building a simple, read-only graph database management system on top of a sample of IMDB feature films and actor credits. Your program will include a single-user command-line client that receives commands via standard-in and prints responses through standard-out. The raw data is located in the attached txt file. You may need to clean up the input data.

This is a forward slash delimited file with one record per line. The first entry in each record is the movie name, and each subsequent entry is an actor credited on that movie. Each line will appear in the following format: Movie Title/Lastname1, Firstname1/Lastname2, Firstname2/Lastname3, Firstname3/… Your program should parse this file (and any input file of movies / credits in this format) and load an interactive prompt that supports the following data commands: • COUNT “entity_a“ – For a movie this should return the number of actors credited on the movie. For an actor this should return the number of movies in the data set for which the actor was credited. • INTERSECT “entity_a” “entity_b” – For two movies this should return a list of all actors appearing in both movies (each actor on a separate line). For two actors this should return a list of movies in which both actors are credited (each movie on a separate line). If this intersection is empty the command should print NULL. If the arguments to this command are not both movies or both actors, this command should print an error explaining what’s wrong. • BACON “entity_a” – For any actor or movie, this should return the “Bacon number”, defined as follows o Kevin Bacon has a Bacon number of 0 o Any actor sharing a movie credit with Kevin Bacon has a Bacon number of 1 o The Bacon number of any other actor is 1 plus the lowest Bacon number amongst all actors they share a movie credit with. o The Bacon number of any actor with no chain of co-stars leading back to Kevin Bacon is infinity, represented as INF o The Bacon number of any movie is the lowest Bacon number of the actors credited on that movie or INF if all actors credited on the movie have Bacon numbers of infinity

In addition, your program should implement the following operation commands: • SET EPOCH start_year end_year – When run with a valid four digit start and end year, all subsequent queries should run including only movies released between the specified start and end year (inclusive) and their associated credits. A start_year value of NULL should include all movie release years through the specified end year, and an end_year value of NULL should include all movie release years from the specified start year onwards. • UNSET EPOCH – This should remove the epoch restriction and all subsequent queries should include all movies in the data set. • END – This should gracefully terminate the program.
